"Don't drag your suitcase on the floor. It will get dirty."
If you want to contact the president, maybe you can send him a letter.
The bank lended him the money to start a new business.
Did you text Inés for her birthday? -- Yes, I was able to text Inés.
Be sure to keep a wide stance while playing tennis.
The professor taught a lot of material, but not all of it was relevant.
When I drive through the valley, my radio loses signal.
He goes everywhere by bus because his motorcycle broke.
"The magician's trick was bad. I knew how he did it."
"Elyse's in Las Vegas. She's been there for seven (7) months."
"They've bought a new truck. They bought a new truck."
Can you explain why glue does not stick to the bottle?
I am wearing a warm jacket because it is snowing.
It snowed all afternoon yesterday. It continued through the night.
After you pause the song, you can resume it again whenever.
I looked for my parents for an hour but I could not find them.
Does she like to study? -- Yes, she strives for perfection.
"The university's administration lowered tuition for all their students."
After lifting weights for a year, my strength has increased.
I went to the supermarket to buy my mother a card for Christmas.
I spend a lot of money at that bookstore every time I go.
The chef used a sharp knife to slice the onion.
The homemade ice cream has no artificial flavors.
"I feel alright today, but I didn't sleep much last night."
"Have you met Tyrone? -- Yes, we've met once before."
"Check out my new skirt. -- It's beautiful, have you tried it on?"
After crashing his car, James went to a mechanic to fix it.
"Under the coach's leadership, the soccer team won the match."
She makes an occasional mistake, but otherwise she is perfect.
The teacher allowed her students to chew gum in class.
My teacher assigned a group project that is due next week.
I hate my commute, especially when there is a lot of traffic.
The doctor performed an experimental procedure on a rare disease.
"She can't login to her email. She forgot the password."
At four-twenty (4:20), he was eating sprouted almonds.
Even though George is tall, he could not reach the top shelf.
The movie was not appropriate for children because it had lots of violence.
Your suitcase is enormous. How did it fit in your car?
The non-profit organization helps people speak languages better.
Can you estimate the number of jelly beans in this jar?
I just ran five (5) miles and I feel like a million bucks.
Learning a new language gives me an advantage while travelling.
How fast was she going when she was cycling down the hill?
Is there a biological explanation for why giraffes are tall?
What is the best way to divide a cake into seven pieces?
Even though he grew up poor, he is now very wealthy.
I clicked on the email, but then I realized it was spam.
"Pat's on vacation in British Columbia. He's coming home on Monday."
I beat my father in a game of chess for the first time yesterday.
He arrived at work and created three (3) designs for the company website.
Does the store accept credit cards? No, it is cash only.
The first act of the play was okay, but the second act was amazing.
Has he ever played tennis? -- Yes, he plays a lot.
Yudong is gone on business. Where is he now?
I receive the paper daily, but sometimes I read other news.
"This jacket isn't very comfortable. Why is it so expensive?"
He lost his short-term memory from a car accident.
The sun was fairly yellow, and he was feeling mellow.
My neck is sore after using the computer for so long.
"You've lost your ID. You cannot find your ID."
He scraped his knee outside. -- How did that happen?
Has he met your sister, or should I suggest they meet?
"I have a song stuck in my head, but I don't remember the name."
The fifty stars on the American flag represent the fifty states.
I walk to that park every morning because it is on the way to work.
"They've bought three (3) new trucks in the last five (5) years."
"My grandfather's generation grew up without smartphones."
I see an image with three dogs on your screensaver.
We had a good time visiting Asia. We stayed at a hotel in Hong Kong.
"He's a very loud guy. He likes to talk a lot."
The price of the plasma TV was reasonable, so we bought it.
"They live on Market Street. They've only lived there for a few months."
He was finished with his morning routine and departed for work.
"You've never visited Madagascar, but my sister's visited before."
John learned to ride a bike when he was five years old.
We saw wild mushrooms growing in our backyard.
"She's a great volleyball player, but doesn't usually play."
The actual height of the building is taller than I imagined.
"I cannot comment on the issue because I don't know enough about it."
"Is Zack running around the track? -- No, he's not running."
He started to feel sick because he lacked vitamins.
My professor started teaching at the college five years ago.
Why did you show up late to work? -- The train was delayed.
It is a tough choice, but I will need to move to a new city.
The cause of my financial problems started after I lost my job.
"He's a vegan. He doesn't consume animal products."
Even though she was rejected for the job, she found another one.
After seeing the evidence, the jury concluded that he was innocent.
The restaurant has terrible service but the food tastes amazing.
Breathe in through your nose and blow out of your mouth.
Did the student complete her assignment? -- Yes, she completed it.
"Sally's mother limits the television that she can watch."
Why does the licence plate only have five digits?
Jack and Jill talked about marriage for many years before they were married.
You should skip this section of the book. It will not be on the test.
If I sit on this chair too long, my back hurts.
She bought six light bulbs at the department store.
Does he walk to work? -- He used to, but now he has a driver.
Has he ever written a love letter? -- Yes, once in college.
"Bob did work in the field, but he didn't do work in the farm house."
The path to success is sometimes lonely but is always worth it.
The recipe tells me to add three eggs to the mixture.
Susan fell down a flight of stairs and broke her leg.
Do I need to buy a lot of equipment for mountain climbing?
At the corner of the street, there are many nice coffee shops.
I applied to the job five times before I received an interview.
She likes candy. What about them? Do they like candy?
The review wrote positive things about the language learning app.
"My company's mission is to help people speak languages better."
Last week, he met Don in line at his favorite café.
I appreciate my Spanish teacher for helping me learn a new language.
The invention of the cell phone has changed the way we communicate.
"Who is that woman? -- I'm not sure, this is my first time meeting her."
I bought my mother the present that she always wanted for Christmas.
"They've bought a new truck. They have a new truck now."
She tries not to depend on her mother for financial support.
"Ask if she has a cat. -- Yes, she's got a cat."
"I don't feel any heat. I think my stove is broken."
There are sixty-four squares on a chess board.
I have several succulent plants in my dorm room.
The local grocery store has a nice selection of vegetables.
The army put up an excellent defense and the town was saved.
The school committee decided that they needed to start a new scholarship.
He stood on the edge of the cliff and admired the sunset.
I got up from the seat three times during the scary movie.
"I'm sorry, but he is not available. Do you want to leave a message?"
Have they ever gotten into an argument? -- Yes, twice.
If you do not refrigerate the meat, it will rot.
By lying on your back, you float on the surface of the water.
That grocery store gives out many free samples.
Be careful. Do not cut yourself with the kitchen knife.
He played that game for three hours to reach the next level.
I ran to school this morning because I woke up late.
Are the flavors in the ice cream natural or artificial?
I live around here. How about Ted? Does he live around here?
"Ask if she has a son. -- Yes, she's got a son."
You need a valid email address to create an account.
The police pursued the criminal in a dramatic car chase.
It is difficult not to be emotional while making important decisions.
"Isn't it amazing that we can have a phone in our pockets?"
To avoid injury, stretch before lifting weights.
"It's a beautiful apartment, but it doesn't have air conditioning."
Only a few people attended my party, but it was still great.
I cannot do physical tasks because my back hurts.
"It's half past two (2:30). Lulu is at the park playing."
He was sent to detention at school because of bad behavior.
At nine-thirty (9:30), he was enjoying a cup of tea.
Eating a healthy diet lowers your cholesterol.
"At eleven o'clock (11:00), he was at the dentist's office."
Remain in your seat with your seatbelt fastened.
If the ball does not go over the net, you lose the point.
Will you be presenting your research at the conference next weekend?
The wind blew all the car exhaust into my face.
"It's only eight-thirty (8:30) and Javier is already asleep in bed."
Has Zach finished working yet? -- Yes, he should be here soon.
The movie ended so suddenly. I thought that it would be longer.
Jack and Jill could not reach an agreement, so they kept arguing.
At higher speeds, my car makes a lot of noise.
I like to drink a moderate amount of coffee every morning.
"They know Lulu. They've known her for a few years."
Can you examine my car? I see smoke coming out of it.
Your socks are cool. Did they cost a lot of money?
"Ask if she has eggs. -- No, she doesn't have eggs."
The dentist saw a cavity in his upper tooth.
My mother likes to bake apple pie.
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go?
He tries to quit smoking every few months.
Some like to hunt wild animals as a hobby.
The hostel was in a good location, and it was cheap too.
His car is very clean. He cleans it often.
It was cold in the kitchen, so I turned on the heater.
"Everyone loves her. She's got loads of friends."
I have a lot of stuff in my room that I need to clean.
"My battery won't charge. I will need to replace it."
Should I drink eight glasses of water every day?
Can you speak a little louder? I cannot hear you.
What does your father do?
"He's an author. He's won many prizes for his work."
How was the weather?
The sun was shining. It was twenty-three degrees (23˚C).
Have you read this article? -- No, but I plan on reading it.
A piece of gum costs eighty cents.
When I was younger, I only liked chocolate milk.
"I cannot reach the top shelf because I'm short."
The weather is great today, but yesterday it was stormy.
"The weather's sunny today. It's not raining."
I warmed my room by turning on the heater.
I still have to brush my teeth and take a shower.
The teacher urged her students to think about their future.
Welcome to my house. Please make yourself feel at home.
"He's been studying Cantonese for three (3) years now."
"What's Jennifer like? Is she beautiful? -- I don't know her very well."
The jar contains thousands of jelly beans.
Do you consider the tomato a fruit or a vegetable?
Everybody I met at the party had something interesting to say.
"We went to the mall, but we didn't go to the supermarket."
In order to become a lawyer, you need many years of education.
She speaks five (5) languages, but none of them well.
After I saw that she was crying, I comforted her.
How many apples do you see on the apple tree?
I used a wooden spoon to stir the pot.
He purchased his airline tickets with an app.
How was she feeling last week? -- She was feeling better.
What makes keeping a budget so difficult for most people?
There are so many people in the gym at the start of the new year.
The actors performed a play in front of a large audience.
The coach of the basketball team led his team to victory.
A private lesson costs more than a group lesson.
Where was he at two p.m. (2:00) last Thursday afternoon?
I am willing to share my french fries with you.
He stopped skating and entered the basketball gym.
I think I did well on the interview. Hopefully, I get the job.
She speaks Chinese. How about her father? Does he speak Chinese?
"The hostel is inexpensive. It's cheap to stay there."
At a quarter before seven (6:45), he was cleaning the dishes.
When was the last time you went to the cinema? -- Just last night.
"It's a beautiful apartment, but it doesn't have enough windows."
The division sign is a line in the middle of two dots.
"He's been watching videos since eight o'clock (8:00)."
Please raise your hand if you want to ask a question.
Even though it was not her fault, they blamed her.
He will get his monthly paycheck next Thursday.
My brain is tired after a long day of hard work.
They love animals. They have one (1) dog and three (3) cats.
The entire school showed up during the graduation ceremony.
The editor of the newspaper seems very happy with her job.
There is a lot of pressure for me to pass the test tomorrow.
I have a very interesting brother and he is really smart too.
After eating a lot of sugar, I felt restless.
"Sofia and Anthony are a couple. They've been married for twelve (12) years."
Do not operate machinery after taking this pill.
I started my new diet last week, and I feel great.
I usually eat a plain bagel for breakfast.
I visited my grandparents during my summer vacation.
The painter blended the red and orange paints.
After losing his apartment, he was temporarily homeless.
I hired an accountant to help me with my taxes.
No, but they won recently in two-thousand fourteen (2014).
The thought of him winning the presidential election was unbearable.
Do you know how to spin a basketball on your finger?
He often runs around the track, and does so very well.
"I had trouble keeping up with the teacher's lecture."
When was the last time she went to the bank? -- Two (2) years ago.
There are no available tables at this restaurant right now.
"They've already done a lot of planning for their marriage."
"Does Paulo know that you're leaving? -- Yes, I told him already."
If I did not have health insurance, I would be bankrupt.
I would encourage you to read a book in your spare time.
This version of the app has more features than ever before.
I told my boss that I was going to quit my job.
I would like to emphasize the importance of investing your money.
It takes a lot of manual labor to build a house.
You can wear casual attire to the barbeque.
She was jogging around the track, not listening to music.
Sometimes I feel like my uncle argues too much.
He wanted my attention, so he tapped my shoulder.
"We've known Dan since nineteen ninety-seven (1997)."
"It wasn't raining, so we walked around the neighborhood."
Please wear solid colors only. No stripes.
What happens if an earthquake occurs? Are you prepared?
My mother has blue eyes but I have brown eyes.
Even though it seems crazy, I think the plan could work.
In order to survive on the island, you must learn to fish.
The amount of famous art in the museum is astounding to me.
"My phone's screen cracked when I dropped it."
He is regarded as one of the best poets of our generation.
Gustave has taken my pencil without asking.
What did you do last weekend? I relaxed at the beach.
"You don't need to text them. You sent them a voicemail."
My brother acted strange at the party last weekend.
Everyone was confused about his sudden leave of absence.
I wish that this country would not fight so many wars.
The most obvious thing to do might not be the best thing to do.
The chef split the pizza into eight slices.
The diamonds are very expensive. They cost a lot of money.
"He owns a motorcycle, but doesn't usually ride it."
After I started wearing glasses, my vision improved.
"She drinks coffee, but she doesn't drink tea."
"Is the email legitimate? I'm worried that it is a scam."
I had to transfer planes twice during my trip to Shanghai.
There are very few affordable apartments left in the city.
The star athlete stepped onto the basketball court.
My professor tested me on his lectures last week.
I need to take this call because my mother is in an emergency.
"She's feeling sick. She has a sore throat."
"What did she say? -- I'm not sure, I couldn't hear her."
"Where are the kids? -- I'm not sure, they were here when I left."
I am going to make you an offer that you cannot refuse.
After weeks of not eating, he was desperate to find food.
John has a lack of attention because of his medical condition.
My dog looks hungry. I need to feed him now.
Did her children have a good time in California? -- Yes, they did.
I earned a degree in computer science from a great university.
There is a large seed at the center of every avocado.
"It's calm this evening, but it was stormy all day."
"I bought fresh strawberries at the farmer's market."
The sleeping pill will ensure that you fall asleep.
I have to read fifty pages from the book for homework.
"There's a restaurant over there, but I don't think it's very good."
I threw the raw pasta into the boiling water.
I always lock my front door when I leave the house.
I grabbed three boxes of cereal from the shelf.
